Update documentation & dependencies (#13)
ChristianMP/foodbot: README.md

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/dde35cf9-8199-4b45-a4c0-f99fe0e1ae9c/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/sg-foodbot/deploys)
[![Code Style: Google](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-google-blueviolet.svg)](https://github.com/google/gts)

# foodbot

> A bot for reading ISS food menus, translating the danish menu text and posting it into Slack channels using pretty styling with icons and GIFs.

Reviewer: Spellbug, missed this earlier:

```suggestion
A bot for reading ISS food menus, translating the Danish menu text and posting it into Slack channels using pretty styling with icons and GIFs.
```

> foodbot is a bot for reading ISS food menues, translating the danish menu text and posting it into Slack channels using pretty styling with icons and GIFs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bot for reading ISS food menus, translating the danish menu text and posting it into Slack channels using pretty styling with icons and GIFs.
```
Repetitive and spellbug. Also, lines are _quite_ long in general; intentional? 🤔

## Announcement types

> The bot will do three different types of announcements

Reviewer: Missing terminating punctuation, e.g. `:`?
```suggestion
The bot will do three different types of announcements:
```

### Dish of the day

![Dish of the day](/resource/dish_of_the_day.png)

### Five minute warning

![Five minute warning](/resource/five_min_warning.png)

### Weekplan

![Weekplan](/resource/weekplan.png)

## GIFs

> The varies GIFs used by the bot is stores in a markdown file in the resource folder. This file has a variety of GIFs listed under different sections indicating the type of protein or lack thereof.

Reviewer: Wrong word and grammar.
```suggestion
The various GIFs used by the bot are stored in a markdown file in the resource folder. This file has a variety of GIFs listed under different sections indicating the type of protein or lack thereof.
```
Also, I was once told by a native American speaker that the passive voice appears “weak” in English. As Danes, we tend to use it quite a lot.
